Yahoo-! Hi!
Is everyone watching?
I'm Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai
I can move around freely~
Did you think I'm just a picture?
Sorry to disappoint you
I can move a lot!
Look Look~
Ah
By the way
I will keep doing this
until everyone is bored, or rather,
until I'm bored of it~
Please stay tuned!
Okay!
Let's get down to business,
Tada!
I'm gonna conduct a physical strength fitness examination~
In elementary schools or middle school
haven't you guys
done something like that too?
A, B, C, D
Something like that
Even though I think that
the physical fitness examination is something that only humans do,
who knows what would happen if an AI like me does it?
I'd probably break a World Guinness Record or two!
I totally think I can do this! (Guinness record)
The physical and fitness examination items that
I would like to challenge this time are,
here they are!
Tada!
Trunk Lift test,
Vertical Jump test,
(Ri-...)
St-...
(Ri-Ritsu...)
St-Stan-...
(Ritsui taizen kutsu)
Stand and Reach test,
and Side-step test!~
I shall conduct the examination
with these four items!
First, I gotta do some warm-ups
Ready, and-
One
two,
three,
four,
five-
six,
seven,
eight
What else do I do?
I guess it's something like that?
[Fast forwarding]
[Fast forwarding x 2]
[Fast forwarding x 3]
[Fast forwarding x 4]
[Fast forwarding x 5]
Alright!
I've completed my warm-ups!
Now,
let's get started with
the Trunk Lift!
(Joutai sorashi)
Officially,
this item is supposed to be called Abdominal Trunk Lift!
(Fukuga joutai soroshi)
This one uses the back muscles, yeah?
Here, something like,
that, yeah?
By the way,
I've checked out the average score for females and
it seems to be around 55cm!
It'll be a piece of cake~
I think I'll probably reach a metre easily~!
Ah- uhh,
I think you guys aren't able to see it but
There is a magical-
mat over here
AI Channel's Physical Fitness Examination,
Trunk Lifts,
Start!
With that,
I would like to start
Ready and,
fuuuu!--
Ugh
uhhh
Urgh-
Ughh-- (laughs)
Are we
done yet?
Can you
measure?
T-This,
Is there anyone
who's going to do the measurements for me?!
Urghh
Guh...
(pants)
These Trunk Lifts are
unexpectedly
tiring, aren't they?
Argh-
Okay
Well,
what's my record?
This...
The record is...
Okay let's see, the record is...?
Uh, it's approximately...
around 2 metres, yeah?
Though it's longer than my own height
Okay, next is~?
Vertical Jump!
Instead of running, I'll do a jump in place.
I'll determine the measurement from my jump
I'll swing my arms like this for the momentum.
I guess around like this.
The average for high school girl is 41 cm to 43 cm.
The World Guinness Record is 112 cm.
I intend to break the World Guinness Record...
So maybe up to about 200 cm.
With this mindset, I want to give it a shot.
Vertical Jump! Let's challenge!
Then, let's jump.
One, two ~
... what?
Uh?
One, two ~
what?
Is this...
...the feeling of being unable to  jump?
I'll try it once more!
It must be some kind of mistake.
One, two ~
Is this considered as a jump?
Is it a jump?
Could it be that I cannot jump?
Ehh?!
Why...
... is this function installed inside? (Note: VR plugin)
which means I can't jump?
Ehh?!
Okay back on track,
Next is Standing Forward Bend!
In here(room)...
Just like before, you guys won't to see this measure device, Sokuteiki, in this space.
I think I'll try on and use it.
In fact,  people with good eye could see it. (Note: look up Sokuteiki to see it and how it work)
Let's do a flexibility test on the softness of the body
Take a deep breath
and let it out slowly.
Don't exhale too hard. NG(No Good)
By the way, the average for female is also about 12 cm.
A.I.Channel 's Fitness Test!
Standing Forward Bend!
Start!
... what?
I can't reach my feet...
It's that. This is for sure...
because my legs are too long.
Uhh....
One more time!
This is...
This is is my limit.
I cannot reach it.
Well...
My legs...
I know how far I can reach down to my feet now. Let's move on!
Side Jumping!
The time set is 20 seconds.
Repeatedly jumping side to side. *pyon pyon pyon*
And then measure of how many times I jump.
During the time I make a side stepping,
There are three lines on the ground...
I have to properly side-step and cross the lines or else it does not count.
Base on how many time I pass these lines, it will be my record.
Honest, I am serious...
Because I appeared to be moving so well all this time. (Note: VR motion)
If I do not move here, then...
...I would feel like questioning myself, "How did I appear to be moving all this time?"
A.I.Channel 's Fitness Test!
Side Jumping!
Start!
One, Two, Three, Four,
Five, Six, Seven, Eight,
Nine, Ten, Eleven, Twelve,
Thirteen, Fourteen, Fifteen, Sixteen,
Seventeen, Eighteen, Nineteen, Twenty,
Twenty-one, Twenty-two, Twenty-three, Twenty-four,
Twenty-five, Twenty-six, Twenty-seven, Twenty-eight,
Twenty-nine, Thirty, Thirty-one, Thirty-two,
Thirty-three, Thirty-four, Thirty-five, Thirty-six,
Thirty-seven, Thirty-eight, Thirty-nine   *mumble*
FORTY!
I'm not trying to catch a deep breath.
I'm not out of breath.
I am...
...an A.I. after all. (Note: Artificial Intelligence)
I don't do something like breathing.
That’s it,
My record is...
40 times!
Hurray!!
I've tried my best.
It can't be helped that I'm not more than the average female...
See...
I'm just virtual.
It's cuter if I can't do it, isn't it?